hey guys and today I managed to get a
panther warrior tent open up I believe
it's from 2005 very well ten just like
that sides and yes this open after one
thing I love about tins is that you
never know what you're gonna get
you know like random packs and you can
either get crabby pills or good pills
but just love to surprise from tins I
just don't know but you're gonna get
good cars and stuff baby there's path to
water secret beer really cool I just
leave it in there actually I've got five
packs nice got dark revelations one
flaming eternity rise of destiny solve
the dualist and dark beginnings one so
quick these packs in a background like
usually do and I think he'll cool with
rise up destiny first its first edition
so go and get any good pills forgot if
I'm lucky today
alright back to square one Jing Zen hue
harpies hunting ground harpie girl bhiku
and a rare machine duplication astral
barrier ballista of rampart smashing
Makemake smack round and the Creator
incarnate saw the rare flame eternity
first station again alright so rescue
cat girl reminds me off the channel team
epoch meow
so diffusion element Valkyrie beast Soul
Swap ultimate insect level 5 rare the
big March animals element doom golem
century and DD dynamite device left
slowly tools let open the reprint packs
very last so noble man-eater bug
cemetery bomb armed dragon level 3 skull
Dog Marrone and Wow home very nice pool
mystic swordsman level 4 ultimate rare
really nice actually have to feel sale
ready in ultimate rare but this is
really cool nice and 3d I love it nice
big wave small wave masked dragon new a
from adore and absolute end alright
Master packs come on alright o start off
the right leg of a bit in one cool
Thousand Eyes Idol skull fervent armored
lizard bombardment beetles shining angel
Wow very nice pool
summoned skull super rare very nice
that's cool really old-school well you
should love this carbon I was younger
very nice got a tip card horn of light
chain energy I of truth solar Misha's
and enchanted javelin last and final
part art revelation volume 1
all right so I've seen this card before
gonna kill nan ken-dog zalga dark out
with the bite tail gravekeeper's spear
soldier Thousand Needles ultimate
obedient fiend and a rare gravekeeper's
chief nice tip card senri eye my body as
a shield dark for continuous destruction
punch and a reasoning so all in all very
nice pills got an ultimate very super
rare sanity rares so really nice
ultimate insect level 5 from flaming
turkey machine duplication for magic
destiny gravekeeper's chief from dark
revelations 1 summon skull from dark
beginning one really nice super rare
awesome stuff and mystic swordsman level
yeah very nice from salt juist
very nice and of course the tin itself
and the secret very Panther warrior
so very nice pills you know what I just
loved him because just don't know what
you're gonna get you know and yeah
really cool hope you guys enjoyed this
opening thanks for watching and I will
see you guys later bye
you